## ABSTRACT:
* Refrigerators used in daily life are one of the indispensable tools. Uninterrupted power should be supplied to the refrigerators in order to maintain cooling service. Domestic refrigerator may be operating continuously to maintain proper food storage condition.Refrigeration  is  a  process  of  removing  heat  from  one  location  to  another.  The  work  of  heat  transfer  is traditionally driven by mechanical work, but can also be driven by heat, magnetism, electricity, laser, or other means. Refrigeration has  many applications,  including, but  not limited to:  household refrigerators,  industrial freezers, cryogenics, and air conditioning .Heat pumps may use the heat output of the refrigeration process, and also may be designed to be reversible, but are otherwise similar to refrigeration units [1]. Refrigeration has had a large impact on industry, lifestyle, agriculture and settlement patterns.So,Refrigeration is a basic method of food preservation. 
## INTRODUCTION
* Refrigeration  is  a  process  of  removing  heat  from  one  location  to another.  The  work  of  heat  transfer  is traditionally driven by mechanical work, but can also be driven by heat, magnetism, electricity, laser, or other means. Refrigeration has  many applications,  including, but  not limited to:  household refrigerators,  industrial freezers, cryogenics, and air conditioning .Heat pumps may use the heat output of the refrigeration process, and also may be designed to be reversible, but are otherwise similar to refrigeration units [1]. Refrigeration has had a large impact on industry, lifestyle, agriculture and settlement patterns. Embedding a  Microcontroller into any domestic appliance has numerous  advantages, both through the development life cycle and production environment. Such one example is a Refrigerator. Establishment of a common hardware and software development platform can be done which can further support a range  of appliances for present and potential future needs.